Update installation.rst stating version support policy (#1665)
zarr-developers/zarr-python: docs/installation.rst

appropriate for your operating system and Python distribution. Other dependencies should be
installed automatically if using one of the installation methods below.

> Note: Zarr endorses `SPEC 0 <https://scientific-python.org/specs/spec-0000/>`_ and follows the version support window as outlined below: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Zarr has endorsed `Scientific-Python SPEC 0 <https://scientific-python.org/specs/spec-0000/>`_ and now follows the version support window as outlined below: 
```

appropriate for your operating system and Python distribution. Other dependencies should be
installed automatically if using one of the installation methods below.

> Note: Zarr endorses `SPEC 0 <https://scientific-python.org/specs/spec-0000/>`_ and follows the version support window as outlined. 
> Please see https://github.com/zarr-developers/zarr-python/issues/1616 for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Zarr endorses `SPEC 0 <https://scientific-python.org/specs/spec-0000/>`_ and follows the version support window as outlined below: 

- Python: 36 months after initial release
- Core package dependencies (e.g. NumPy): 24 months after initial release
```
